[Music]
fifteen dramatic changes in north and
south korea after 70 years of separation
how big is so compared to Pyongyang what
is the size of average salaries in these
two countries and why people in North
Korea cannot buy cars people who study
Korean culture seem to believe that
everyone likes talking about North Korea
because you can say anything about it
however news like Kim jong-un using a
flamethrower to burn one of his
ministers or the announcement about the
successful landing on the Sun can't be
proved let's shed some light on the life
of ordinary people from North Korea in
comparison to South Korea the division
of Korea has had a huge impact on life
in both countries for sure at the end of
this video there's a little bonus
waiting for you explaining why marijuana
is legal in North Korea stay with us
pyongyang vs. Seoul from the clouds both
capitals appear to be large
megalopolises the high-rise buildings in
Pyongyang are almost the same as the
apartment blocks in Seoul or Busan the
territory of Pyongyang is 1233 square
miles and the area of seoul is 233
square miles the population of the first
is 3.2 million people while the
population of the latter is 9.8
6,000,000 the common panorama
two cities share a common panorama on
the Han River and the views from the
opposite riverbanks are pretty much the
same suicide rates are quite high in
South Korea and bridge jumping is not
uncommon the thing is that some people
can't cope with the high level of
interpersonal competition in South Korea
the idea of a measured rhythm of life
doesn't exist here
everyone's primary goal is success and
self-realization downtown that's what
the business districts look like in both
capitals by the way did you know that
North Korea has the largest stadium in
the world it has a hundred fifty
thousand seats and is used for different
kinds of sports also it owns the world's
largest flagpole which of course holds
the North Korean flag residential areas
and these are the residential areas it
is interesting to know that people in
North Korea do not pay housing and
communal services bills apartments are
given to them for free after their
marriage registration a small apartment
in South Korea on the other hand can
cost up to one hundred and eighty
thousand dollars fashion
as for fashion there are many false
myths about it in North Korea for
example a woman can't wear pants or
there's only a certain number of
approved haircuts fairly fashionable
clothes can be bought in the
international supermarkets for the rich
people or from sellers in China of
course there is no comparison with South
Korea considered to be one of the most
stylish ly dressed countries in the
world 50 years of fashion development
separate these countries by the way on
the average North Koreans are two inches
shorter than their neighbors are
education education in North Korea is
based on one year of preparatory school
and ten years of compulsory studying
after that young geniuses and rich kids
enter universities and the rest of the
students start looking for a job
Western literature and geography are
among the school subjects but to
demonstrate the Western Way of life
teachers mainly use African countries as
for South Korea school studying lasts
for 12 years and local universities are
considered to be among the most
prestigious in the world many students
from different countries dream about an
internship here are you one of them
employment
that's what a break from work looks like
as you can see 70 years can't erase old
habits what is the average salary that
North Koreans make you'll be surprised
but it's about three dollars a day with
tickets for food hmm not much actually
the average salary in the South is about
a thousand times more that is much
better
moreover North Koreans don't have any
rest from work
the usual workweek is six days with the
seventh voluntary enforced workday so
next time before you start complaining
about your long five-day working week
think twice culture the bright and
energetic kpop shocked the defectors
from the north as well as the rest of
the world
kpop also known as Korean pop is a music
genre with many audio-visual elements it
is a mix of all world popular music
genres with traditional Korean music
roots on top actually many defectors
from North Korea take a three-month
course to adapt to modern life history
tells us that only two South Koreans
moved to North Korea while more than
23,000 North Koreans escaped from their
country to South Korea another
interesting fact is that North Korea
doesn't use the Gregorian calendar they
have their own calendar called duche the
country started to use it in 1997 the
calendar is based on Kim il-sung's
birthday and the 2017 year is the 106th
year according to their calendar food
there is no famine in North Korea but a
shortage of fruits and vegetables is
obvious which is why apples and cabbages
are very popular obviously not good news
for those who can't live without fruits
the lack of protein rich foods
influences the average person's height
in comparison to South Koreans which
we've already spoken about to fill the
protein gap people started hunting frogs
and turtles the basic dish of North
Koreans is so-called corn rice however
food carriages on the streets of big
cities offer sausage dicks ice cream
popcorn and steamed meat buns Seoul on
the other hand can offer not only rich
national cuisine but also many diverse
European dishes public transport the
story goes that pyongyang has only three
metro stations that are used only by
foreigners so not true the metro system
in North Korea was constructed several
years before the one in Seoul and all
people are allowed to use it you can't
buy a car in North Korea only military
and government officials are awarded
cars that's why people usually use
public transport or bicycles at least
they don't have traffic jams technology
don't think that the North Koreans have
no gadgets at all
north Korea has its factory that
produces TVs laptops and smartphones
Arirang runs on Android they are
manufactured in China and branded in
North Korea although few people have
enough money to buy these kinds of goods
and if they have they still need to have
permission from the government to own
one of these gadgets also there are many
rumors about access to the world net in
North Korea the latest statistics show
us that per 100 people there are 80 1.5
Internet users in South Korea and 0.1
users in North Korea just let this
thought sink in one person out of 1,000
uses the advantages of the Internet it
means that people in North Korea don't
even know what Facebook and YouTube are
nevertheless they have their own net
called Quang myung which has a browser
email and news sections moreover they
have limited access to radio and
television as well they probably spend
their time on self-development however
North Koreans have their own operating
system called red star OS it operates
only in the Korean language though
leisure your eyes don't lie
north Korea has golf courses common
citizens don't play it of course they
don't even know what it actually is
but the moonsoo waterpark is known to
everyone it was opened in 2013 and
covers more than 37 acres of land by the
way the Washington Post called it the
creepiest water park that you have ever
seen besides all the water slides and
other attractions the park offers its
guests to play volleyball climb the rock
wall and even do your hair yes there is
a hair salon inside it North Korea may
be called the most closed and secretive
country in the world but you don't have
to believe every myth about it we have
all seen a photograph of the Korean
Peninsula from space where North Korea
is a completely dark spot however if you
have a closer look you'll see
Vladivostok the eastern Russian city and
several cities in China seem to be
deleted too
in addition to everything you've seen
here we bet that you'll completely
change your opinion about North Korea
after watching the amazing trailer of
comrade Kim goes flying and now it's
time for the promised bonus in North
Korea you can smoke marijuana without
any fear because the North Korean
government doesn't classify it as a drug
however it is illegal to wear jeans in
this country you can smoke weeds in
usual pants unbelievable huh do you know
of any other unrevealed secrets of North
Korea share them in the comment section
below don't forget to hit the like
button below the video if this video
gets more than 50 thousand likes will
tell you about unique Korean traditions
that leave tourists from all over the
world speechless and click subscribe to
join us on the bright side of life